NMS-13294: Add Meridian installation guide (#3448)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/centos-rhel8/install-core.adoc

----
sudo dnf -y install opennms
----
endif::[]

////
Repo and install: OpenNMS Meridian
////

ifeval::["{page-component-title}" == "Meridian"]
.Add repository and import GPG key
[source, console]
----
cat << EOF | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/opennms-meridian.repo
[meridian]
name=Meridian for Red Hat Enterprise Linux and CentOS
baseurl=https://REPO_USER:REPO_PASS@meridian.opennms.com/packages/2021/stable/rhel8<1>
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=http://yum.opennms.org/OPENNMS-GPG-KEY
EOF

sudo rpm --import https://yum.opennms.org/OPENNMS-GPG-KEY
----

> <1> Replace the `REPO_USER` and `REPO_PASS` with the credentials received from your OpenNMS subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace the `REPO_USER` and `REPO_PASS` with your Meridian subscription credentials.
```
